Add tenant getId to java/python binding tester (#9219)
apple/foundationdb: bindings/bindingtester/spec/tenantTester.md

#### TENANT_SET_ACTIVE

    Pops the top item off of the stack as TENANT_NAME. Opens the tenant with
    name TENANT_NAME and stores it as the active tenant. Then, waits on a future

>     that initializes the tenant ID. Pushes SET_ACTIVE_TENANT onto the stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    that initializes the tenant ID. When complete, pushes the string  
    "SET_ACTIVE_TENANT" onto the stack.
```

    packed into a tuple as [t1,t2,t3,...,tn], and this single packed value
    is pushed onto the stack.

#### TENANT_GET_ID

>     Attempts to resolve the active tenant's ID. GOT_TENANT_ID is pushed onto the stack
>     if an ID was successfully read after waiting on the ID future.
>     NO_ACTIVE_TENANT is pushed onto the stack if there is no active tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Attempts to resolve the active tenant's ID. Pushes the string "GOT_TENANT_ID" onto 
    the stack if an ID was successfully read after waiting on the ID future. Pushes the string 
    "NO_ACTIVE_TENANT" if there is no active tenant.
```
